Docs: retention function (#8099)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/agg_functions/parametric_functions.md

Simply, the level value could only be 0, 1, 2, 3, it means the maxium event action stage that one user could reach.

## retention {#retention}

> Analytical function that shows how much 

Reviewer: * Looks incomplete or messed up
* "Analytical function" is sometimes used with different meaning, so I'd avoid that

> certain conditions, for example, retention of dynamics/level [site traffic statistics](https://yandex.ru/support/partner2/statistics/metrika-visitors-statistics.html?lang=en).

Reviewer: let's move example with Yandex.Metrica somewhere lower, after we explain what it does in general

> The function takes as arguments a set of conditions from 1 to 32 arguments of type `UInt8` that indicate whether a certain condition was met for the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function takes a set of conditions as separate arguments. Each argument is of type `UInt8` and their total number should be between 1 and 32.
```

Any condition can be specified as an argument (as in [WHERE](../select.md#select-where)).

> The conditions, except the first, apply in pairs: the result of the second will be true if the first and second are true, of the third if the first and fird are true, etc.

Reviewer: second and third?

**Syntax** 

```sql
retention(cond1, cond2, ..., cond32);
```

**Parameters**

- `cond` — an expression that returns a `UInt8` result (1 or 0).

**Returned value**

The array of 1 or 0.

- 1 — condition was met for the event.
- 0 — condition wasn't met for the event.

> Type: `UInt8`.

Reviewer: so it's not Uint8, but Array(Uint8) ?

(
    SELECT
        uid,
        retention(date = '2020-01-01', date = '2020-01-02', date = '2020-01-03') AS r
    FROM retention_test
    WHERE date IN ('2020-01-01', '2020-01-02', '2020-01-03')
    GROUP BY uid
)
```

Result:

```text
┌─r1─┬─r2─┬─r3─┐
│  5 │  5 │  5 │
└────┴────┴────┘
```

Where:

> - `r1`- the number of unique visitors who visited the site during 2020-01-01 (the `cond1` condition).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r1`- the number of unique visitors who visited the site on 2020-01-01 (the `cond1` condition).
```
